https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWl0apMgshk barbellBackSquat 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRVjAtPip0Y benchPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWjzFaH9QXA bentoverLateralRaise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKFeB7ST830 bentoverRow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO_CNYidOw0 bicepCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taI4XduLpTk cableCrossover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDt4MCvjMAA cableWoodchop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmB1G1K7v94 chestPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4J53LpjvUk crossbodyCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9kVnSso6Q deadlift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKPab2YC8BE declinePushups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAq_ocpRh_I dumbellCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNpUNRPQkAk dumbellDeadlift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nMOPQns_4c dumbellShrugRDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zG2xJ0Q5QtI ezBarCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUGDRwge4F8 floorPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mF5tnEBrdkc gobletSquats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tn5K9NlCfo hackSquats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJcmanVh5EE halos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdWCF9-ZAJI hammerCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHtt49_Pljw handReleasePushups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjTEOme9fvw hangClean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp26q4BY5HE hipThrusts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dynoKEIcpoU inclineBenchPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0bRiVhnO8Q inclinePushups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3g4EziPTjxI inclineYTW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utzhPQuXWcA kneelingPushups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gygpFvx_O3k landminePress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOpi-p0cJkc lateraPulldown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDqklk1ZESo lateralRaises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9sTSr-JYSs legCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq5uxXrXq7c legPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2n58m2i4jg lunges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65vwYKNxUJs lyingHamstringCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO_03opCc0g lyingTricepExtension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDZBGzeQea0 miniHops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgpQ4-jHiq4 oneArmRow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wxRhONFsRA overheadTricepExtension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EFcTkm0J-w planks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAggnpPyR6E pullups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaBVSJm78ko pushPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SHsk9AzdjA romanianDeadlift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQfXgIAcl0M runningSprint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyUqwkVpsi8 russianTwists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs618MVIsG4 seatedBicepCurl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzoCF_b3cIY seatedCableRow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBGeXxnigsQ seatedShoulderPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mifkJdYqsZY shoulderTaps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lP_eJvClSA shrug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkMmABQ9SkM sidePlank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fbU_MkV7NE situps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGHnCftrZkA splitSquats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPFtd4K-khA starJumps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG75KOf4EtY stepups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIKzvHkibWc tricepPushdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UVgs18Y1P4 vups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=945GB6r2o_Y walk